When you upload files to
OneDrive, you can securely
access, update, and share them
from anywhere you have an
Internet connection.
There are several ways to uload
files to OneDrive.
Let's take a look at a few of
the methods here.
After signing into your account,
just click the uload button in
the toolbar, choose to uload
files, and then browse for it
and select the files you want to
copy to OneDrive.
In this case, I want to uload
all three of these, so I'll just
select all three and click Open
and there are the files.
You can also drag files from
your computer directly into the
OneDrive browser window.
I'll make the browser window a
little bit smaller so I can see
my desktop where I have some
folders of files, and again, I
can just select the files I want
to upload and in this case I
will drag them into the browser
window.
You can see they're uploading
and there they are.
If you're using the Google
Chrome or Microsoft Edge
browser, you can upload folders
of files instead of individual
files.
This can make it easier to Kee
your files organized.
Just click the uload button
again and this time choose
Folder and then select the
folder you want to upload.
I'll confirm that I want to
uload the entire folder and
here's that folder.
Now, if you're using a browser
other than Chrome or Edge, you
can create a new folder first by
clicking the New menu and
choosing Folder, giving it a
name, and then you can upload or
drag files into that folder you
just created.
I'll click the folder to go into
it, and then I'll move my window
out of the way.
I'll select my files and I'll
drag them into the OneDrive
window and there they are.
And once you've uloaded your
files to OneDrive, you can get
to them from any computer,
tablet or mobile phone with an
Internet connection.